Cleanup readme (#48)
microsoft/durabletask-python: examples/dts/sub-orchestrations-with-fan-out-fan-in/README.md

> # Portable SDK Sample for Sub Orchestrations and Fan-out / Fan-in

Reviewer: Shouldn't this go directly under `examples`? Also, if we're updating the focus of the repo to just be DTS, then we don't need a `dts` subfolder under examples. All samples can assume DTS and have corresponding instructions for using the emulator.

This sample demonstrates how to use the Durable Task SDK, also known as the Portable SDK, with the Durable Task Scheduler to create orchestrations. These orchestrations not only spin off child orchestrations but also perform parallel processing by leveraging the fan-out/fan-in application pattern.

The scenario showcases an order processing system where orders are processed in batches. 

> Note, for simplicity, this code is contained within a single source file. In real practice, you would have 

# Prerequisites
 - [Azure CLI](https://docs.microsoft.com/cli/azure/install-azure-cli)
 - [`az durabletask` CLI extension](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/durabletask?view=azure-cli-latest)

## Running the Examples
There are two separate ways to run an example:

- Using the Emulator
- Using a deployed Scheduler and Taskhub

> ### Running with a Deployed Scheduler and Taskhub rResource

Reviewer: I noticed you're using title casing in all your .md section titles, but existing docs in this repo have been using sentence-case section titles, consistent with MS Learn guidelines. I suggest we use sentence casing for all content for consistency, including the content that's being added in this PR.
```suggestion
### Running with a deployed scheduler and task hub resource
```

1. To create a taskhub, follow these steps using the Azure CLI commands:

Create a Scheduler:
```bash

> az durabletask scheduler create --resource-group --name --location --ip-allowlist "[0.0.0.0/0]" --sku-capacity 1 --sku-name "Dedicated" --tags "{'myattribute':'myvalue'}"

Reviewer: I suggest we guide readers to use the emulator rather than creating resources in Azure. That will save them a ton of time and effort when they're still learning. Let's have separate instructions and/or more substantial samples for configuring apps with DTS in Azure.

```

Create Your Taskhub:
```bash
az durabletask taskhub create --resource-group <testrg> --scheduler-name <testscheduler> --name <testtaskhub>
```

2. Retrieve the Endpoint for the Scheduler: Locate the taskhub in the Azure portal to find the endpoint.

3. Set the Environment Variables:
Bash:
```bash
export TASKHUB=<taskhubname>
export ENDPOINT=<taskhubEndpoint>
```
Powershell:
```powershell
$env:TASKHUB = "<taskhubname>"
$env:ENDPOINT = "<taskhubEndpoint>"
```

4. Install the Correct Packages
```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

4. Grant your developer credentials the `Durable Task Data Contributor` Role.

### Running with the Emulator
The emulator simulates a scheduler and taskhub, packaged into an easy-to-use Docker container. For these steps, it is assumed that you are using port 8080.

1. Install Docker: If it is not already installed.

2. Pull the Docker Image for the Emulator:
```bash
docker pull mcr.microsoft.com/dts/dts-emulator:v0.0.6
```

3. Run the Emulator: Wait a few seconds for the container to be ready.
```bash
docker run --name dtsemulator -d -p 8080:8080 mcr.microsoft.com/dts/dts-emulator:v0.0.4
```

> 3. Set the Environment Variables:

Reviewer: Let's remove environment variables from the local emulator setup instructions. The sample code can assume `localhost` and `default` if these variables don't exist. This will save users a lot of time and effort when getting started.
